README.md, before:

# Live Football World Cup Scoreboard

This project is a simple React application that shows all the ongoing matches and their scores.

## Application Features

- Create a new match, assuming initial score 0 – 0 and adding it the scoreboard.
- Update the scores for all matches in progress.
- Finish a match currently in progress. This removes a match from the scoreboard.
- Summary of matches in progress ordered by their total score. The matches with the
  same total score will be returned ordered by the most recently started match in the scoreboard.
- Simple match persistance in localStorage
- Simple UI design utilizing BootStrap

## Branches

### Main

This branch is the final application

### ?-start

These branches will be the starting point for features - they will include any tests that will initially fail

### ?-end

These branches will will contain the code for the feature - the tests will pass

## Installation

To install the project, follow these steps:

Clone the repository:

`git clone https://github.com/southstandblue/world-cup-scores.git`

Change to the project directory:

`cd world-cup-scores`

Install dependencies:

`npm install`

Start the development server:

`npm start`

Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000 to view the application.

Commit message:

Updated sort matches function, added user guide and README.md content

README.md, after:

# Live Football World Cup Scoreboard

This project is a simple React application that shows all the ongoing matches and their scores.

## Application Features

- Create a new match, assuming initial score 0 – 0 and adding it the scoreboard.
- Update the scores for all matches in progress.
- Finish a match currently in progress. This removes a match from the scoreboard.
- Summary of matches in progress ordered by their total score. The matches with the
  same total score will be returned ordered by the most recently started match in the scoreboard.
- Simple match persistance in localStorage.
- Simple UI design utilizing BootStrap.
- User Guide supplied by clicking on the 'Live Football World Cup Scoreboard' text.

## Branches

### Main

This branch is the final application

### ?-start

These branches will be the starting point for features - they will include any tests that will initially fail

### ?-end

These branches will will contain the code for the feature - the tests will pass

## Installation

To install the project, follow these steps:

Clone the repository:

`git clone https://github.com/southstandblue/world-cup-scores.git`

Change to the project directory:

`cd world-cup-scores`

Install dependencies:

`npm install`

Start the development server:

`npm start`

Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000 to view the application.

To run the tests for the project, use the following command:

`npm test`

This will run the test suite and display the test results in the terminal.
